Manual Testing, Selenium Web-driver, Appium, Java, JIRA, GitHub, Android Studio and have good
 understanding of STLC & SDLC.


Who you are:
As a Test Automation Practitioner you will design, build, test and deploy effective testing solutions which reduce the amount of manual effort in the testing process.
You are responsible for applying automated tools to support the testing of applications across all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
You need to support the test team by recommending tools and processes to automate other test activities, such as test management, reporting, test data generation and defect management.
What you値l do:
Evaluate the functional and non-functional requirements for test-ability, test cases and use cases for suitability for automation.
You will assist the development of the test automation strategy and focus specifically on maximizing reuse for regression purposes.
Possess good knowledge in creating test plans and test strategies.
Design, build and execute automated tests to validate applications using Selenium
Identify regression testing needs, and create and maintain an Automated Regression Suite.
Implement the strategy via developing, coding and executing test case and test script frameworks using automated tools such as Selenium.
Provide timely project related data as required in applicable systems and ensure timely reporting and response to stakeholders.

How we値l help you grow:
You値l have access to all the technical and management training courses you need to become the expert you want to be
You値l learn directly from expert developers in the field; our team leads love to mentor
You have the opportunity to work in many different areas to figure out what really excites you.


Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Profound knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle and Testing life cycle.
4 years of experience in Quality Assurance and Software Testing
Automation hands on experience in Selenium and Cucumber or other automation tools
Good understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3
Understanding of REST
User authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments
Experience with relational databases (Oracle, Microsoft SQL, IBM DB2)
Programing experience in Java (or C++/C#/VB.Net)
Have organizational, problem solving, and time management abilities
Proven experience in Descriptive Programming skills.
Expertise in writing SQL queries, analyzing query performance using query plans
Experience in various kinds of application testing viz. Web applications, Client-Server applications, Database backend, Mainframe applications etc. would be an advantage.


Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Prior experience working in an Agile environment
Proven interpersonal communications and technical writing skills.
Collaborate with a group of like-minded Automation Engineers and Manual Testers.
